hey guys what's going on Bigfoot's here
bringing you guys another bc gameplay
and this is a re uploaded gameplay again
from my older channel just because I
feel like a lot of you guys haven't seen
this gameplay and it's a really good
gameplay this is 153 23 on the map
meltdown using the PDW with only a
suppressor and for my perks i'm using
ghost hardline scavenger toughness and
dexterity this is my pretty standard
setup for the PDW but i have changed it
now you know I put the fast mags on it
and got rid of ghosts because like i
said i really don't use ghost anymore i
don't see the need for the perk and I
don't know the PDW just has a really
really slow reload time and the way I am
I'm always neck deep in their spawn and
you know if I'm stuck reload and I'm
gonna get killed off my streak so it
really sucks and in this gameplay I was
kind of playing campy right here you
notice because um you know I just felt
like when I got into this map that I
could absolutely destroy these kids and
I almost had the 200 plus i'd i'd like
one office streak and i got three sets
of streak in this gate three sets of
streaks in this game and i ended with
153 so if i would have got that one set
of streaks I was like two off of it when
the guy killed me from behind i'm pretty
sure i would i have the 200 kill game
but you know whatever I just felt like
really confident when I got into this
Lobby and I think that's how you have to
fill you know if you go into the lobby
thinking you're going to get raped
you're really not going to do much but
if you go in there just like knowing
you're going to rape the kids that's
pretty much what happens most of the
time at least for me and yeah so what I
want to talk about this gameplay is
Twitter and why you guys should get
twitter and if you already have it you
know you already know how good it is and
the reason why I love Twitter like when
I first heard about Twitter I thought
Twitter was just like Facebook like
something stupid like that I really
don't like Facebook you know I go on
there I never really you know post on
Facebook or whatever but you know I
thought Twitter was just like the same
thing as Facebook because that's what
everyone says you know Twitter Facebook
it's the same thing which it really
isn't twitter is a really good way to
you know keep up to date like especially
if you're watching YouTube videos you
know you want to keep up to date on
youtubers and stuff like that it's
really good way like if anyone ever have
open lobbies you know if you're on
Twitter that's the fastest way to be
able to get into the open lobby is just
be on twitter and i want to mention i
did cut out a lot of this gameplay just
because of the fact that i've posted it
before and i cut out all
like boring parts the load stars and the
part when I build up a streak and die
you know I cut that out so but yeah you
really need to get twitter and if you
are a youtuber and you're really you
know looking to get some audience
twitter is the best way to do it I would
bet that if I haven't used Twitter air
if I never made a twitter for my youtube
channel I would not be anywhere near
where I am today and the reason why I
say that is because you know you can
tweet your videos that other youtubers
and you know as long as you support them
most of the time they'll like your video
support you you know whatever and it
really does help a lot you know even if
it's a smaller youtuber it still does
help your channel out quite a bit once
you're you know really small like under
1k subs or whatever kind of like me you
know someone that has 5k subs that likes
your video it actually really does help
because you again it's a couple of subs
off that which you know really isn't a
lot if you aren't a youtuber but if
you've made youtube video so you put in
a lot of work you know that a couple
subs actually does mean something so I
don't know it's just a really good place
to get your stuff out there also if
there's any youtuber you know you look
up to say you I don't know some big
youtuber Jay nasty or something you
wanna I don't know in a youtuber you
want to connect with that's the best way
if you want to ask them a question or
whatever they're going to answer it more
on there then if you go comment on their
video on youtube because if you don't
know the comments on YouTube are really
bad it probably notifies you like one
out of every 10 comments in your little
like inbox so they don't see a lot of
them unless they actually go through the
video and most the times you know
they're just scanning they're not really
going to you no reply or pay much
attention um so yeah that's a really
good way to connect with people and I
don't know I love Twitter like I said
it's helped my youtube channel out
tremendously oh yeah that's basically
what i said want to say about twitter if
you don't have it yet you should go make
when it takes like two seconds and then
just follow all your favourite youtubers
if you ever want to ask me a question
that is the best way to do it either
that or YouTube p.m. and yeah if you
want to just if you're starting to
youtube channel trust me start a Twitter
just the same time you do and send your
videos out to some of your youtubers
that you support and they'll support you
so yeah that's what I want to say about
Twitter and in this game play you know
I'm just beating it up I don't know how
many cabs I had in this game I think
they game in it actually when I was on
my
streaks we actually lost this game I
don't know how I could go 153 and three
and my team loses especially when I'm
capping the flag and everything like
that I actually got a 98 kill second
round and one death that kid with the
kiss you right there killed me but yeah
that's about all i'm going to say for
this gameplay hope you guys did enjoy
this gameplay though under 50 33
probably i think this is my second
highest co game yeah i only have 250
pluses this is one of them but yeah i
will have a lot of more bc game plays
out for you guys pretty soon I'm going
to be able to record my ps3 tomorrow so
yeah guys thanks for watching let's go
for 45 likes thanks for watching guys
will see you guys next time peace out